feat(router-generator): disable formatting of routeTree (#3678)
TanStack/router: docs/router/api/file-based-routing.md

- [`routeTreeFileHeader`](#routetreefileheader)
- [`routeTreeFileFooter`](#routetreefilefooter)
- [`disableManifestGeneration`](#disablemanifestgeneration)

> - [`disableRouteTreeFormatting`](#disablegeneratedroutetreeformatting)

Reviewer: 👀

This option allows you to disable the generation of the manifest.

By default, this value is set to `false`.

### `disableGeneratedRouteTreeFormatting`

> This options turns off formatting of the generated route tree which can be time-consuming for large project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option turns off the formatting function on the generated route tree file, which can be time-consuming for large projects.
```
